To get you quickly started with this course, let's look
at the basic setup that's required.
First,
you will clone the GitHub repo that I've created to get you started quickly.
Once you get it down, you can open it up on IntelliJ.
You can use any other IDE of your choice, and that would be fine too.
Here's the GitHub repo that I created for you.
You can find this URL in the exercise files of this module.
Just go ahead and clone it or download it as a ZIP file,
which is fine too. I chose to clone it, so I'll go ahead and
clone it. Now that the code is on your machine,
let's open it up on IntelliJ. Open IntelliJ, click on Open or Import here,
browse to the location where you cloned or downloaded the project.
Here it is. Now click OK, and the project should open like this on your IDE. Now you have the basic setup to get going.